Create ACTIVITYTYPES.md (#2228)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: README.md

See more about [customizing Web Chat](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/SAMPLES.md) to learn more on customization.

> # Supported Activity Types on the Web Chat Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Activity Types on the Web Chat Client
```

> [Web Chat and Activity Types](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/ACTIVITYTYPES.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [`ACTIVITYTYPES.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/ACTIVITYTYPES.md) for list of Web Chat supported activity types.
```
